feat: add footnote regarding Referer mutability (#30200)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/forbidden_header_name/index.md

> **Note:** The {{HTTPHeader("User-Agent")}} header is no longer forbidden, [as per spec](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#terminology-headers) — see forbidden header name list (this was implemented in Firefox 43) — it can now be set in a Fetch [Headers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Headers) object, or with the [setRequestHeader()](/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest/setRequestHeader) method of `XMLHttpRequest`. However, Chrome will silently drop the header from Fetch requests (see [Chromium bug 571722](https://crbug.com/571722)).

> > **Note:** While {{HTTPHeader("Referer")}} header is listed as a forbidden header [in the spec](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#terminology-headers), the user agent does not retain full control over it and the header can be programmatically modified.

Reviewer: 1. What do you think about linking to [this anchor](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#forbidden-request-header) instead? I think it is more specific, and folks won't need to search the page for information about forbidden headers.
2. What do you think about adding a bit more context in this note, similar to what you added in the PR text?

```suggestion
> **Note:** While {{HTTPHeader("Referer")}} header is listed as a forbidden header [in the spec](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#forbidden-request-header), the user agent does not always retain full control over it. For example, [the `Referer` header](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/Request#referrer) can be programmatically modified when using [`fetch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch).
```

Author: 1. Agreed
2. The reason I didn't add this at first because it may mislead readers to think that `fetch()` is the only way to programmatically modify it. But, when you phrase it like that, I think it looks great, I'll adapt it to the documentation.

> > **Note:** While {{HTTPHeader("Referer")}} header is listed as a forbidden header [in the spec](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#forbidden-request-header), the user agent does not retain full control over it and the header can be programmatically modified. For example, [the `Referer` header](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/Request#referrer) can be programmatically modified when using [`fetch()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch) via [`referrer` option](/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch#referrer)

Author: Looks solid for most part, but I think 

```
the `referrer` header can be programmatically modified via the [`referrer` option](/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch#referrer).
```

should be changed to 

```
the `Referer` header can be programmatically modified via the [`referrer` option](/en-US/docs/Web/API/fetch#referrer).
```

since the header name is `Referer` not `Referrer` (notice the omission of `r`)
